Test plan document for facebook group chat

Introduction- 1. Provide an overview of the test plan.
	      2. goals/objectives.
Test Items :    Testing of Facebook group chat feature, with admin as a member, and other specific activities related to the same

Test Deliverables: 1. Test Plan
	               2. Test Cases
	               3. Defect logs
	               4. Test Reports

Estimate : The overall fetaure along with the documentation and pre-requisites, if completed,
	will be taking an estimated 60 man-hours, with complete set up. This will exclude the automation
	testimg for the sme module.
	
	Test report- 30 man-hours
	Test Delivcery- 20 man-hours

Responsibilities :  List the responsibilities of each team/role/individual- includes manual as well as automation testing


		1. Manager- Manage the whole project, Define project directions,Acquire appropriate resources

		2. Tester - Identifying and describing appropriate test techniques/tools/automation architecture
			-Verify and assess the Test Approach
			-Execute the tests, Log results, Report the defects.
			-Tester could be in-sourced or out-sourced members, base on the project budget
			-For the task which required low skill, I recommend you choose outsourced members to save project cost.
			- Implement the test cases, test program, test suite etc.
		3. Test Admin=- Builds up test environment, supports the testing process and members


Test Deliverables= 

		Test deliverables provided before testing phase.

		1.Test plans document.
		2. Test cases documents
		3.Test Design specifications.
		4. Test deliverables are provided during the testing

Test Scripts
		1. Simulators.
		2. Test Data
		3. Test Traceability Matrix
		4. Error logs and execution logs.
		5. Test deliverables are provided after the testing cycles is over.

Test Results/reports
		1. Defect Report
		2. Installation/ Test procedures guidelines
		3. Release notes


Entry Criteria-  1. Test plan 2. Test cases and test data 3. test tools 4. Executing functional, business flow perfectly , 
		and make sure they are working fine

Exit Criteria - . Test Logs
	       . test reports
	       . test summary


Test cases for facebook groups chat

1. Verify that a group should contain atleast 2 or more memnbers
2. Verify that once a member is added to a group, every member should be notified with a message.
3. Verify that there should be a limit on adding new participants till maximum number of participants are reached.
4. verify that only admin(only admin can change the group setting , adding participant,icon.status, delete group, etc)
5. Verify that any group member can exit the group chat at any point of time
6,. Verify that any member can delete a chat at any time.
7. Verify that when internet is not there , messages from participatant is queued and once intenet comes back, 
   every member should receive the message at that point. 
8. Verify that each member can unmute a message.
9. Verify that any member can send text,files, pics,images,videos,gif,media, to and from, to every one at same time.
10. Verify that search text,filters, atatchment should be available to all the members

11. Verify that a member should be able to post smileys using keyboard keys and send to group chat
12. Verify that any member can forward message to any group or individual member, other that the group
13. Verify that members are able to reply to specific person in the group.
14. Verify that if a member try to delete the message before group memberes receiving it, s/he can do it
15. Verify that a member is not able to to create multiple groups with same name
16, Verify that only admin is able to change the security settings for the chat